welcome my name is sophia and now i'm
going to talk about
charlie and the chocolate factory
charlie bucket as a poor boy who lives
near the wonka candy company
the company's owner willy wonka has long
closed access to his factory due to
problems concerning industrial espionage
that led him to fire all his employees
among them charlie's grandpa joe one day
wonka announces a contest in which
golden tickets have been placed in five
random wonka bars worldwide
and the winners will be given a full
tour of the factory as well as the
lifetime supply of chocolate
while one ticket holder will be given a
special prize at the end of the tour
wonka's sales subsequently skyrocket and
the first four tickets are found
fairly quickly the recipients are
augustus gloop a gluttonous german boy
veruca salt a very spoiled english girl
violet borigard an arrogant gum chewer
and mike tv
an ill-tempered television and video
game addict
charlie tries twice to find a ticket but
both bars come up empty
after overhearing that the final ticket
was found in russia
charlie finds a 10 note and purchases a
wonka bar
at a news shop at the exact moment it is
revealed that the russian ticket was
forged
charlie discovers the real fifth ticket
inside the rapper
charlie receives monetary offers for the
ticket but decides to keep it and bring
grandpa joe to accompany him on the
factory tour
charlie and the other ticket holders are
greeted outside the factory by wonka
who then leads them into the facility
individual character flaws cause
four children to give into temptation
resulting in their elimination from the
tour while the oompa loompas sing a song
of morality after each elimination
during the tour flashbacks reveal
wonka's troubled past
his father a prominent dentist named
wilbur
strictly forbade wonka from consuming
candy due to the potential risk to his
teeth
and also made wonka wear uncomfortable
braces
after sneaking over a piece of candy
wonka was instantly hooked
and ran away from home to follow his
dreams
when he returned both his father and
their house were gone
after the tour the four children leave
the factory with an exaggerated
characteristic or deformity related to
their demise
while charlie learns wonka intended to
find a worthy heir to his factory
since charlie was the least rotten of
the five wonka invites charlie to come
live and work in the factory with him
on the condition that charlie leave his
family behind
just as wonka did charlie declines
as his family is the most important
thing in his life
charlie and his family live contently a
while later
however wonka is too depressed to make
candy the way he used to
causing his candy to sell poorly and his
company to decline
he turns to charlie for advice charlie
decides to help wonka confront and
reconcile with his
estranged father wonka finally realizes
the value of family
while his father learns to accept his
son for who he is
and not what he does afterward
wonka allows charlie and his family to
move into the factory together
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification
for more of these videos